To update `AdGuardHomeCompilationList.txt`:

1) Install Python 3.x.
2) Right-click on https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/master/AdGuard%20Home%20Compilation%20List/AGHtest.py and choose "Save as…" to an empty folder.
3) Open a command line in the folder and run `Python3 AGHtest.py`. Cygwin/Unix is preferred over PowerShell to avoid newline problems. Wait a few minutes until the script finishes.
4) Open the generated `AdGuardHomeCompilationList.txt` file in Sublime Text. Go to its menu bars → Edit → Permute Lines → Unique. Afterwards, go to its menu bars → File → Save.
5) Go to https://abpvn.com/ruleChecker/redundantRuleChecker.html, paste all text in the file into its textbox, and click "Check for redundant rules". Wait up to 1min until the check finishes. While still on that page, go to its "Corrected" tab. Use "Ctrl+A → Backspace" on the textbox to remove all text in it, then use Ctrl+A on the entire page to copy the "Corrected" result, then paste it back into the `AdGuardHomeCompilationList.txt` file. Remove the text including and above `The file without redundancies: open in a new tab`, then save the file.
6) In Sublime Text, use Ctrl+H to open the text replacement menu. Ensure the `.*` button is enabled (which enables RegEx mode). Paste <code>^! ([a-zA-Z0-9а-яА-ЯёЁàé.'"`_?#/,$=<>|+()^&; -]{1,})\n(!.*)</code> into <i>"Find:"</i>, then paste <code>\2</code> into <i>"Replace:"</i>, then press "Replace all". Repeat until Sublime Text can't find any more matches, then save the file.
7) On top of the page, above `[Adblock Plus 3.4]`, add a line consisting solely of many dashes or em-dashes, then paste the contents of https://github.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/blob/master/AdGuard%20Home%20Compilation%20List/AdGuardHomeCompilationList-DeadDomains.notlist above that dashline. Then go to the menu bar → Edit → Permute Lines → Unique. Afterwards, delete the dashline and all text above it, and save the file.
8) It is now ready to be uploaded at https://github.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/tree/master/AdGuard%20Home%20Compilation%20List → Add file → Upload files.
